requirement for disclosure so as to allow the Company a reasonable opportunity to limit such disclosure. In any event, in making such disclosure I shall only disclose such information as may be absolutely necessary and only to the extent expressly required by the court or other judicial, quasi judicial or government body. 1.7 Agreements with Third Parties. I acknowledge that the Company may from time to time have agreements with third parties which impose obligations or restrictions on the Company regarding Inventions made during the course of work under such agreements. I agree to be bound by all such obligations or restrictions and to take all action necessary to discharge the obligations of the Company there under. 1.8 Termination Certificate. On termination of my employment, I will promptly deliver all Proprietary Information, Inventions and Third Party Information that are in my possession to the Company and agree to sign the “Termination Certificate”. Further, in the Termination Certificate, I will disclose the Inventions that I may have contributed to during the course of my employment and will affirm the ownership of the same by the Company. It is clarified that such list is by way of illustration only and will not limit the rights of the Company to other Inventions that may not be disclosed by me in the Termination Certificate. 2. ASSIGNMENT OF INVENTIONS . 2.1 Proprietary Rights. The term "Proprietary Rights" shall mean all trade secret, patent, copyright, mask work and other intellectual property rights or “moral rights” throughout the world. “Moral rights” Refers to any rights to claim authorship of an Invention or to object to or prevent the modification of any Invention, or to withdraw from circulation or control the publication or distribution of any Invention, and any similar right, existing under judicial or statutory law of any country in the world, or under any treaty, regardless of whether or not such right is denominated or generally referred to as a “moral right.” 2.2 Prior Inventions. Inventions, if any, patented or unpatented, registered or unregistered, which I made prior to the commencement of my employment with the Company are excluded from the scope of this Agreement. To preclude any possible uncertainty, I have set forth on Previous Inventions, a complete list of all Inventions that I have, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed or reduced to practice or caused to be conceived, developed or reduced to practice prior to the commencement of my employment with the Company, that I consider to be my property or the property of third parties and that I wish to have excluded from the scope of this Agreement (collectively referred to as "Prior Inventions"). If disclosure of any such Prior Invention would cause me to violate any prior confidentiality agreement, I understand that I am not to list such Prior Inventions but am only to disclose a cursory name for each such invention, a listing of the party(ies) to whom it belongs and the fact that full disclosure as to such