and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and in my behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the preceding paragraph with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. I hereby waive and quitclaim to the Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter have for infringement of any Proprietary Rights assigned hereunder to the Company. 3. RECORDS . I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in any other form that may be required by the Company) of all Proprietary Information developed by me and all Inventions made by me during the period of my employment at the Company, which records shall be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. 4. DUTY OF LOYALTY DURING EMPLOYMENT . I understand that my employment with the Company requires my full attention and effort. I agree that during the period of my employment by the Company I will not, engage in any employment or business activity other than for the Company, including but not limited to employment or business activity which is competitive with, or would otherwise conflict with, my employment by the Company. 5. NON SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES , CONSULTANTS , CONTRACTORS OR CUSTOMERS . The Employee hereby agrees and undertakes that during the term of the employment with the Company and for a period of 12 months following the date of termination of Employee’s employment with the Company, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, either as an individual on his own account or as a partner, employee, consultant, advisor, agent, contractor, director, trustee, committee member, office bearer, or shareholder (or in a similar capacity or function): i Solicit and/or attempt to solicit employment of or advise, induce, recruit, participate in, or encourage any of the (i) Company’s existing employees or any person who was employed by the Company (irrespective of the capacity they were employed in) within six months prior to such solicitation or (ii) any person or organization who is in possession of confidential information relating to the Company and with whom the employee had business dealings during the course of his employment including but not limited to providing services to or through Company and/or its Affiliates to terminate his/her contract or relationship with Company or to accept any contract (directly or indirectly) or other arrangement for providing services himself or to to any other person or organization; or ii Contact and/or attempt to contact any of the existing or prospective Clients ( i.e. any person or organization with whom the Company and/or its Affiliates is in advanced stages of exploring a professional or business relationship) of the Company and/or its Affiliates to entice such Clients away from the Company and/or its Affiliates or to damage in any way or