of authorship, know - how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs and techniques (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Inventions"); and (b) information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, suppliers and customers; and (c) information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that, at all such times, I am free to use information which is generally known in the trade or industry, which is not gained as result of a breach of this Agreement, and my own, skill, knowledge, know -how and experience to whatever extent and in whichever way I wish. 1.4 Third Party Information. I understand, in addition, that the Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties confidential or proprietary information ("Third Party Information") subject to a duty on the Company's part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During the term of my employment and thereafter, I will hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than Company personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company) or use, except in connection with my work for the Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by an officer of the Company in writing. 1.5 No Improper Use of Information of Prior Employers and Others. I will not improperly use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality, and I will not bring onto the premises of the Company any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality unless consented to in writing by that former employer or person. I will use in the performance of my duties only information which is generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to my own, which is common knowledge in the industry or otherwise legally in the public domain, or which is otherwise provided or developed by the Company. WinWire Technologies India Private Limited Registered Office : Jyothi Pinnacle, 9th Floor, Hitech City Road, Whitefields, Kondapur, Hyderabad – 500084. Ph: +91 9133888812 Bengaluru : Kalyani Vista, 10th Floor, 165/1 & 165/17, 3rd Main Road, Doraisanipalya, Phase 4, J.P. Nagar, Bengaluru – 560076 , Ph: +91 6366975300 CIN: U72200TG2007PTC053638 .: www.WinWire.com 1.6 Court Mandated Disclosure. In the event I am required, at any time, to disclose Proprietary Information or Third Party Information or any such information which may be construed as being confidential or proprietary information to the Company, pursuant to a valid and subsisting order of a court or other judicial, quasi judicial or government body, I shall, forthwith, upon receiving notice of the requirement of such disclosure, give adequate notice to the Company of any such