inventions has not been made for that reason. If no such disclosure is attached, I represent that there are no Prior Inventions. If, in the course of my employment with the Company, I incorporate a Prior Invention that is owned by me into a Company product, process or machine, the Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty -free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to make, have made, modify, use and sell such Prior Invention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I agree that I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, Prior Inventions in any Company Inventions without the Company's prior written consent. WinWire Technologies India Private Limited Registered Office : Jyothi Pinnacle, 9th Floor, Hitech City Road, Whitefields, Kondapur, Hyderabad – 500084. Ph: +91 9133888812 Bengaluru : Kalyani Vista, 10th Floor, 165/1 & 165/17, 3rd Main Road, Doraisanipalya, Phase 4, J.P. Nagar, Bengaluru – 560076 , Ph: +91 6366975300 CIN: U72200TG2007PTC053638 .: www.WinWire.com 2.3 Assignment of Inventions. Subject to Sections 2.4, and 2.6, I hereby assign and agree to assign in the future (when any such Inventions or Proprietary Rights are first reduced to practice or first fixed in a tangible medium, as applicable) to the Company or its assignee, without further consideration, the worldwide, perpetual all my right, title and interest, including all rights to obtain, register, perfect, and enforce patents, copyrights, mask work rights, and other intellectual property protection in and to any and all Inventions (and all Proprietary Rights with respect thereto) whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes, made or conceived or reduced to practice or learned by me, either alone or jointly with others, during the period of my employment with the Company. The assignment as above shall not lapse if the Company has not exercised its rights under the assignment for a period of one year. Inventions assigned to the Company, or to a third party as directed by the Company pursuant to this Section 2, are hereinafter referred to as "Company Inventions." 2.4 Wavier of Moral Rights. To the extent moral rights cannot be assigned by me, I hereby waive and agree not to assert such rights against Company or its assigns or its or their licensees. If any of rights to the works be assigned to Company, or waived by me, then I hereby, unconditionally and irrevocably grant to the Company, an exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide and royalty free license to exercise all such rights of an author of such works including the right to assign, or sublicense through multiple levels of sub licensees, reproduce, create derivative works, distribute, publicly perform and display by all means now known or later developed rights. The assignment as above shall not lapse if the Company has not exercised its rights under the assignment for a period of one year. 2.5 Obligation to Keep Company Informed. During the period of my employment and for six (6) months after termination of my employment