by and construed according to the laws of India. I hereby expressly consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in India in any lawsuit filed there against me by Company arising from or related to this Agreement. 12.2 Arbitration. Except as provided herein, all disputes in relation to this Agreement shall be settled through arbitration to be conducted in Bangalore in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator to be jointly appointed by the Company and me. In the event the parties cannot agree upon a single arbitrator, the arbitration shall be conducted by three arbitrators, one each to be appointed by me and the Company respectively and the third to be appointed by the aforesaid two arbitrators. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 12.3 Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions, subsections, or sentences contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 12.4 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns. 12.5 Survival. The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment and the assignment of this Agreement by the Company to any successor in interest or other assignee. 12.6 Waiver. No waiver by the Company of any breach of this Agreement shall be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by the Company of any right under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other right. The Company shall not be required to give notice to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement. 12.7 Entire Agreement. The obligations pursuant to Sections 1 and 2 of this Agreement shall apply to any time during which I was previously employed, or am in the future employed, by the Company as a consultant if no other agreement governs nondisclosure and assignment of inventions during such period. WinWire Technologies India Private Limited Registered Office : Jyothi Pinnacle, 9th Floor, Hitech City Road, Whitefields, Kondapur, Hyderabad – 500084. Ph: +91 9133888812 Bengaluru : Kalyani Vista, 10th Floor, 165/1 & 165/17, 3rd Main Road, Doraisanipalya, Phase 4, J.P. Nagar, Bengaluru – 560076 , Ph: +91 6366975300 CIN: U72200TG2007PTC053638 .: www.WinWire.com This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties