with the Company, I will promptly disclose to the Company fully and in writing all Inventions authored, conceived or reduced to practice by me, either alone or jointly with others. In addition, I will promptly disclose to the Company all patent applications filed by me or on my behalf within a year after termination of employment. I hereby recognize that all such Inventions developed during the course of my employment with the Company shall be proprietary to the Company and the Company shall have all right, title and interest to such Inventions. . 2.6 Government or Third Party. I also agree to assign all my right, title and interest in and to any particular Company Invention to a third party, including without limitation the United States, as directed by the Company. 2.7 Works for Hire. I acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my employment and which are protectable by copyright are "works made for hire." In the event that any Inventions or work outputs resultant and arising from and during the course of my employment with the Company is construed as "works made for hire" or as commissioned work, I hereby acknowledge that all such Inventions or work outputs have been made by me as an employee of the Company for adequate consideration and the Company shall have all right, title and interest over such Inventions and work outputs. 2.8 Enforcement of Proprietary Rights. I will assist the Company in every proper way to obtain, and from time to time enforce, Indian and foreign Proprietary Rights relating to Company Inventions in any and all countries. To that end I will execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including appearances as a witness) as the Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Proprietary Rights and the assignment thereof. In addition, I will execute, verify and deliver assignments of such Proprietary Rights to the Company or its designee. My obligation to assist the Company with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to such Company Inventions in any and all countries shall continue beyond the termination of my employment, but the Company shall compensate me at a reasonable rate after my termination for the time actually spent by me at the Company's request on such assistance. WinWire Technologies India Private Limited Registered Office : Jyothi Pinnacle, 9th Floor, Hitech City Road, Whitefields, Kondapur, Hyderabad – 500084. Ph: +91 9133888812 Bengaluru : Kalyani Vista, 10th Floor, 165/1 & 165/17, 3rd Main Road, Doraisanipalya, Phase 4, J.P. Nagar, Bengaluru – 560076 , Ph: +91 6366975300 CIN: U72200TG2007PTC053638 .: www.WinWire.com In the event the Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure my signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in the preceding paragraph, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent