to protect the Company’s legitimate interests. 7. NO CONFLICTING AGREEMENT OR OBLIGATION . I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as an employee of the Company does not and will not breach any agreement or obligation of any kind made prior to my employment by the Company, including agreements or obligations I may have with prior employers or entities for which I have provided services. I have not entered into, and I agree I will not enter into, any agreement or obligation either written or oral in conflict herewith. 8. RETURN OF COMPANY DOCUMENTS . When I leave the employ of the Company, I will deliver to the Company any and all drawings, notes, memoranda, specifications, devices, formulas, and documents, together with all copies thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Company Inventions, Third Party Information or Proprietary Information of the Company. I further agree that any property situated on the Company's premises and owned by the Company, including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by Company personnel at any time with or without notice. Prior to leaving, I will cooperate with the Company in completing and signing the Company's termination statement. 9. LEGAL AND EQUITABLE REMEDIES . I recognize that in the course of employment with the Company, I will have access to Proprietary Information, to Third Party Information, and to employees, consultants, contractors, clients, and customers of the Company. I understand that because of this the Company may WinWire Technologies India Private Limited Registered Office : Jyothi Pinnacle, 9th Floor, Hitech City Road, Whitefields, Kondapur, Hyderabad – 500084. Ph: +91 9133888812 Bengaluru : Kalyani Vista, 10th Floor, 165/1 & 165/17, 3rd Main Road, Doraisanipalya, Phase 4, J.P. Nagar, Bengaluru – 560076 , Ph: +91 6366975300 CIN: U72200TG2007PTC053638 .: www.WinWire.com sustain irreparable injury if I violate this Agreement. In order to limit or prevent such irreparable injury, the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement and any of its provisions by injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief, without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company may have for a breach of this Agreement. 10. NOTICES . Any notices required or permitted hereunder shall be given to the appropriate party at the address specified in the signature blocks below or at such other address as the party shall specify in writing. Such notice shall be deemed given upon personal delivery to the appropriate address or if sent by certified or registered mail, three (3) days after the date of mailing. 11. NOTIFICATION OF NEW EMPLOYER . In the event that I leave the employ of the Company, I authorize the Company to provide notice of my rights and obligations under this Agreement to my subsequent employer and to any other entity or person to whom I provide services. 12. GENERAL PROVISIONS . 12.1 Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed